Create new postgraduate teaching apprenticeships page (#4903)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/postgraduate-teaching-apprenticeships.md

PGTAs are available for both primary and secondary stages, and cover a range of subjects and specialisms. 

## Who’s eligible for a postgraduate teaching apprenticeship? 

You need to have a bachelor’s degree to be eligible for a PGTA. If you do not have one, you can explore [how to become a teacher if you do not have a degree](/train-to-be-a-teacher/if-you-dont-have-a-degree).  

As a [salaried teacher training route](/funding-and-support/salaried-teacher-training), PGTAs are very competitive. Some providers may want you to have significant teaching or school experience, for example, if you’re already working as an unqualified teacher or teaching assistant.

$residency-requirements$

## How does a postgraduate teaching apprenticeship work? 

Like other types of initial teacher training (ITT), PGTAs combine on-the-job training with theoretical learning. On a PGTA, you’ll usually be teaching in school for 4 days a week, with one day off to attend training with your ITT provider.

PGTAs can start at any point in the academic year, but the apprenticeship must last for at least 9 months.

> Postgraduate teaching apprentices must do an end point assessment. This is usually done after you’ve completed your training and been awarded QTS. To complete the apprenticeship, you’ll need to pass your end point assessment and show you’ve met the apprenticeship standards.

Author: ```suggestion
Postgraduate teaching apprentices must do an end point assessment. To complete the apprenticeship and pass your end point assessment, you’ll need confirmation you have obtained qualified teacher status (QTS) and met the apprenticeship standards.
```
